client/README.md, before:

# encointer CLI client
Interact with the encointer chain from the command line

Includes
* keystore (incompatible with polkadot js app json)
* basic balance transfer
* all encointer-specific calls

## examples
```
> encointer-client new_account
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1 transfer 5GpuFm6t1AU9xpTAnQnHXakTGA9rSHz8xNkEvx7RVQz2BVpd 5FkGDttiYa9ZoDAuNxzwEdLzkgt6ngWykSBhobGvoFUcUo8B 12345
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1:9979 register_participant 5FkGDttiYa9ZoDAuNxzwEdLzkgt6ngWykSBhobGvoFUcUo8B
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1:9979 list_participant_registry
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1:9979 get_phase
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1:9979 new_claim 5EqvwjCA8mH6x9gWbSmcQhxDkYHJcUfwjaHHn9q1hBrKLL65 3
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1:9979 sign_claim 5EqvwjCA8mH6x9gWbSmcQhxDkYHJcUfwjaHHn9q1hBrKLL65 7af690ced4cd1e84a857d047b4fc93f3b4801f9a94c9a4d568a01bc435f5bae903000000000000000000000003000000
```

Find a full ceremony cycle demo [here](./bootstrap_demo_community.py)

# run a local bot community benchmark

start encointer blockchain in dev mode
```bash
./target/release/encointer-node-notee --tmp --dev --enable-offchain-indexing true -lencointer=debug
```

start faucet service
```bash
cd client
./faucet.py
```

initialize bot community
```bash
cd client
./bot-community.py init
```

start phase controller service (fast forwards phase after N idle blocks)
```bash
cd client
./phase.py
```

listen to chain events for debugging (i.e. see failed extrinsics)
```bash
RUST_LOG=encointer_client_notee=info ./target/release/encointer-client-notee listen
```

benchmark bot community
```bash
cd client
./bot-community.py init
```

if you'd like to test bazaar with dummy businesses and offerings too, you need to provide IPFS.

either through infura:

```
export IPFS_ADD_URL=https://ipfs.infura.io:5001/api/v0/add
export IPFS_API_KEY=<user>:<password>
./bot-communities.py init
./register-businesses.py
```

or locally:

```
# you may need to run 'ipfs init'
ipfs daemon
./bot-communities.py init --ipfs-local
./register-businesses.py  --ipfs-local
```

Commit message:

Use click for python cli parsing (#135)
* first commit

* refactored bot-community to use click command library

* updated README

* refactoring register-businesses.py to work with click

* refactoring all arguments

* update README.md

* update github workflow for test

* cleanup

* cleanup

* refactor register-businesses.py to not need additional command (as it used to be)

* refactor bootstrap_demo_community.py to use click library

* updated README.md

* github workflow back to the way it was (without the register command)

* format

* introduce global variable to not pass boolean down all function levels

* refactored phase.py to use click

* remove erroneous function arguments

* refactored phase.py to use click command

* changes applied according to conversation in pr #135

* checking value of remote chain and refactor

* updated README.md

* updated suggested comments in conversation of pr

* remove print

* renamed run function and adapted test to work

client/README.md, after:

# encointer CLI client
Interact with the encointer chain from the command line

Includes
* keystore (incompatible with polkadot js app json)
* basic balance transfer
* all encointer-specific calls

## examples
```
> encointer-client new_account
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1 transfer 5GpuFm6t1AU9xpTAnQnHXakTGA9rSHz8xNkEvx7RVQz2BVpd 5FkGDttiYa9ZoDAuNxzwEdLzkgt6ngWykSBhobGvoFUcUo8B 12345
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1:9979 register_participant 5FkGDttiYa9ZoDAuNxzwEdLzkgt6ngWykSBhobGvoFUcUo8B
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1:9979 list_participant_registry
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1:9979 get_phase
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1:9979 new_claim 5EqvwjCA8mH6x9gWbSmcQhxDkYHJcUfwjaHHn9q1hBrKLL65 3
> encointer-client 127.0.0.1:9979 sign_claim 5EqvwjCA8mH6x9gWbSmcQhxDkYHJcUfwjaHHn9q1hBrKLL65 7af690ced4cd1e84a857d047b4fc93f3b4801f9a94c9a4d568a01bc435f5bae903000000000000000000000003000000
```

Find a full ceremony cycle demo [here](./bootstrap_demo_community.py)

# run a local bot community benchmark

start encointer blockchain in dev mode
```bash
./target/release/encointer-node-notee --tmp --dev --enable-offchain-indexing true -lencointer=debug
```

start faucet service
```bash
cd client
./faucet.py
```

initialize bot community
```bash
cd client
./bot-community.py init
```

start phase controller service (fast forwards phase after N idle blocks)
```bash
cd client
./phase.py
```

listen to chain events for debugging (i.e. see failed extrinsics)
```bash
RUST_LOG=encointer_client_notee=info ./target/release/encointer-client-notee listen
```

run a single phase
```bash
cd client
./bot-community.py run
```

benchmark bot community
```bash
cd client
./bot-community.py benchmark
```

if you'd like to test bazaar with dummy businesses and offerings too, you need to provide IPFS.

either through infura

```
export IPFS_ADD_URL=https://ipfs.infura.io:5001/api/v0/add
export IPFS_API_KEY=<user>:<password>
./bot-communities.py init
./register-businesses.py
```

or locally

```
# you may need to run 'ipfs init'
ipfs daemon
./bot-communities.py --ipfs-local init 
./register-businesses.py --ipfs-local
```

In IPFS, the community icons and data of businesses and offerings are stored.

You can cat/get the data stored in ipfs locally:
```
ipfs cat <CONTENT_IDENTIFIER>
```
Or if it was stored remotely (on Infura):
```
curl -X POST "https://ipfs.infura.io:5001/api/v0/cat?arg=<CONTENT_IDENTIFIER>" 
```
